Notes - 

n indulgent socialite who made a terrible bargain 
with a fell power to retain her youth 

End - Old wizard, dragons have returned, you received my note.

Guilds:

Lawful - GoldFell

Made from Heroes from cities accross the realm, GoldFell earned its name as the "Gold"
standard of adventure guilds, accepting only the most dangerous and High earning requests from lords and kings across the realm. It is mastered by decendants of the Hero of GodFell.

Rodric, the paladin

Neutral - DragonWatch

Also known as the first guild of GodFell, DragonWatch was once the greatest Guild in the realm 
for an age. Not much is known about their downfall, but now theyve become less than a shadow of their former glory. 
It is said that currently they barely have members but the current residence of dragonwatch insist they the 
majority of members are out on highly secretive quests.

Raya - Dragonborn, Cleric

Chaotic - MidnightSun

One of the lesser liked Guilds in GodFell, MS prides itself in its shady dealings in the dark underworlds across the realm. Where GoldFell boasts of might and power, MS exceeds in its dark dealings and cunning plans.

Dextra - Dark Elf, Warlock



Astral Wars 1

Intro 

In a Realm far off, countless distances away from any mortal birth. 
The God Dragon Tiamat grows cold on the eve of her death. Billions of years of
war with the heathen gods of new has branded her infinite formlessness with 
an unknowable exhaustion. But still, she will not flee nor surrender.

Fallen is the God Dragon Bahamut, the platinum.  Who formed the beauties of the mountains and rivers
of the first world. But the heathen followers have claimed the first, for mighty were they
in magic and numbers.

Gone was Sardior, first-born of Dragonkind, Who shaped and breathed life into dragons new, 
but now hides deep within the heart of creation.

Despair! mighty Tiamat, for not even death may have you! The heathen gods bound
and entombed her in torment - sealed in darkness forever, captive to gods laying claim to creation.

Day 1 - day of choosing

Intro:

Ages pass on the material plane. Old rivers dry out and new rivers form, mountains grow and crumble as
the passage of time passes. In this age, which some call "the age of legends" or the 4th age to some 
scholars, 5 unlikely adventurers find themselves on a wagon bound to the town of Godfell.

In the age of legends, it is said that heroes are forged in the heart of mighty guilds known as adventurers guilds,
that test their mettle in epic quests and mighty contests. This week, The town of Godfell, home to 3 such guilds, will be hosting
the festival of Necros ~ also known as the festival of living-death. Despite its name, the festival is a family friendly event
that many from across the land come to enjoy, featuring many contests of skill, wit and luck ~ which often influences a guilds
decision to take in new members.

Each adventurer has received a cryptic note and a Necros Festival Contest invitation, emploring that they come to GodFell imediately, for the fate of 
mortal planes may depend on them.

The carriage travels a great distance over treachorous terrain, passed the sites of great battles that ended ages ago.
where the graves of great titans now lie, also provide a means of venturing such hazards.

The carriage finally arrives outside the city bridge, coming to an abrupt rest. The driver asks you to kindly disembark as he prepares 
to find a place of rest for his horses.




City gate event

The guards at the gate of GodFell are tasked with the responsibility of tracking all newcomers to the city. entrance to the city is prohibited while they prepare for the festival.

items: - Invitation (showing this to the guard will allow passage and he will group the adventurers for the festival shows) for

DC - Intimidation

5 - Guard will refuse passage and an invite.
10 - Guards laugh at the notion of you joining a guild and suggests you might as well join DragonWatch
15 - The guard suggests they might be here for the contests and request an invite
20 - the guard insists you join the contests regardless of the invite

DC - Sneak

5 - Party thrown in Jail (they all arrived on carriage)
10 - Party Successfully sneaks in

Jail:
Party released for invitation


Note:
- Crack smoking monkeys
- tiefthings
- Titans Spine
- MadGoblins


Drinking Contest

The great tavern "The Dancing Titan" is home to the greatest drinking contest of Necros.


Requirements: atleast 1 Party members

Mega pints are large pints of ale that are difficult to hold, players are penalized for spilling.

DC - Acrobatics

10 < spills Half (-1)
10-14 - spills a small amount (0)
15+ No spills (+1)

DC - Constitution

10 < Unable to partake in next contest
10-15 - drunk, -2 ability scores
15-20 - tipsy, -1 ability scores
20+ - Just fine




Archery Contest


Requirements: atleast 1 Party Member

DC - Acrobatics

10 < missed target (-1)
10-15 - hits the target (0)
15-20 - near bullseye (+1)
20+ bulls eye





Wits Contest


Requirements: whole party

5 Questions

Answer correctly or

DC - Wisdom/Intelligence

15+ correct answer


well done, wisdom rises and strength rises to meet it

it is said, that in the 2nd age the hero baathos, encumbereed by his party after his battle with the heathen dragon gods


Strength Contest

Requirements: atleast 1 member

DC - Strength

5 - badly pull a muscle, forced to quit
10 - the boulder doesnt move
15 - the boulder moves 5 feet
20 - the boulder moves 10 feet
crit - push the boulder 30 feet in 1 turn

Note:
- Crack smoking monkeys +5 11
- tiefthings +4 Helen, tiefling 0 14
- Titans Spine +1  vestusa, orc -1 9
- MadGoblins  tela, elf +1 11w

